docs/developer_resources.md, before:

# Resources for Developers

The SEED Platform&trade; is an open-source project. The source code and documentation is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/SEED-platform/seed).

## Source Code Documentation

Links to the source code documentation are below by version. Versions prior to 2.14.0 did not include
documentation of classes and methods. General developer resources are found in the source code 
[documentation page](./code_documentation/latest/developer_resources.html).

| Release Date | Version | Documentation Link                               |
|--------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------|
| 12/16/2022   |  latest stable  (2.17.0) | [link](./code_documentation/latest/index.html)   |
| 12/16/2022   |  2.17.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.17.0/index.html)   |
| 12/04/2022   |  2.16.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.16.0/index.html)   |
| 09/08/2022   |  2.15.2 | [link](./code_documentation/2.15.2/index.html)   |
| 07/19/2022   |  2.15.1 | [link](./code_documentation/2.15.1/index.html)   |
| 07/16/2022   |  2.15.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.15.0/index.html)   |
| 03/31/2022   |  2.14.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.14.0/index.html)   |
| 12/27/2021   |  2.13.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.13.0/index.html)   |
| 11/19/2021   |  2.12.4 | [link](./code_documentation/2.12.4/index.html)   |
| 05/22/2021   |  2.11.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.11.0/index.html)   |
| 03/31/2021   |  2.10.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.10.0/index.html)   |
| 03/02/2021   |  2.9.2  | [link](./code_documentation/2.9.2/index.html)    |
| 12/28/2020   |  2.8.2  | [link](./code_documentation/2.8.2/index.html)    |
| 09/25/2020   |  2.8.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.8.0/index.html)    |
| 07/22/2020   |  2.7.2  | [link](./code_documentation/2.7.2/index.html)    |
| 08/08/2019   |  2.6.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.6.0/index.html)    |
| 05/05/2019   |  2.5.2  | [link](./code_documentation/2.5.2/index.html)    |
| 04/15/2019   |  2.5.1  | [link](./code_documentation/2.5.1/index.html)    |
| 03/29/2019   |  2.5.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.5.0/index.html)    |
| 10/05/2018   |  2.4.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.4.0/index.html)    |
| 07/04/2018   |  2.3.3  | [link](./code_documentation/2.3.3/index.html)    |
| 05/30/2018   |  2.3.2  | [link](./code_documentation/2.3.2/index.html)    |
| 02/26/2018   |  2.3.1  | [link](./code_documentation/2.3.1/index.html)    |
| 01/24/2018   |  2.3.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.3.0/index.html)    |
| 11/15/2017   |  2.2.1  | [link](./code_documentation/2.2.1/index.html)    |
| 09/29/2017   |  2.2.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.2.0/index.html)    |

## Release Notes

- [Release Notes](https://github.com/SEED-platform/seed/releases)

## Known Issues

Visit the [Known Issues](known_issues.md) page for a list of SEED Platform issues.

## Developer Forum

There is a [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/seed-platform-dev) for developers to discuss the SEED Platform project. The LBNL team monitors that forum and will respond to inquiries there.

Commit message:

update contact information and improve workflow

docs/developer_resources.md, after:

# Resources for Developers

The SEED Platform&trade; is an open-source project. The source code and documentation is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/SEED-platform/seed).

## Source Code Documentation

Links to the source code documentation are below by version. Versions prior to 2.14.0 did not include
documentation of classes and methods. General developer resources are found in the source code 
[documentation page](./code_documentation/latest/developer_resources.html).

| Release Date | Version | Documentation Link                               |
|--------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------|
| 12/16/2022   |  latest stable  (2.17.0) | [link](./code_documentation/latest/index.html)   |
| 12/16/2022   |  2.17.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.17.0/index.html)   |
| 12/04/2022   |  2.16.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.16.0/index.html)   |
| 09/08/2022   |  2.15.2 | [link](./code_documentation/2.15.2/index.html)   |
| 07/19/2022   |  2.15.1 | [link](./code_documentation/2.15.1/index.html)   |
| 07/16/2022   |  2.15.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.15.0/index.html)   |
| 03/31/2022   |  2.14.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.14.0/index.html)   |
| 12/27/2021   |  2.13.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.13.0/index.html)   |
| 11/19/2021   |  2.12.4 | [link](./code_documentation/2.12.4/index.html)   |
| 05/22/2021   |  2.11.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.11.0/index.html)   |
| 03/31/2021   |  2.10.0 | [link](./code_documentation/2.10.0/index.html)   |
| 03/02/2021   |  2.9.2  | [link](./code_documentation/2.9.2/index.html)    |
| 12/28/2020   |  2.8.2  | [link](./code_documentation/2.8.2/index.html)    |
| 09/25/2020   |  2.8.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.8.0/index.html)    |
| 07/22/2020   |  2.7.2  | [link](./code_documentation/2.7.2/index.html)    |
| 08/08/2019   |  2.6.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.6.0/index.html)    |
| 05/05/2019   |  2.5.2  | [link](./code_documentation/2.5.2/index.html)    |
| 04/15/2019   |  2.5.1  | [link](./code_documentation/2.5.1/index.html)    |
| 03/29/2019   |  2.5.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.5.0/index.html)    |
| 10/05/2018   |  2.4.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.4.0/index.html)    |
| 07/04/2018   |  2.3.3  | [link](./code_documentation/2.3.3/index.html)    |
| 05/30/2018   |  2.3.2  | [link](./code_documentation/2.3.2/index.html)    |
| 02/26/2018   |  2.3.1  | [link](./code_documentation/2.3.1/index.html)    |
| 01/24/2018   |  2.3.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.3.0/index.html)    |
| 11/15/2017   |  2.2.1  | [link](./code_documentation/2.2.1/index.html)    |
| 09/29/2017   |  2.2.0  | [link](./code_documentation/2.2.0/index.html)    |

## Release Notes

- [Release Notes](https://github.com/SEED-platform/seed/releases)

## Known Issues

Visit the [Known Issues](known_issues.md) page for a list of SEED Platform issues.

## Futher information

There is a developer and a user forum available to receive announcements and discuss features and issues. See the information on the [contact page](contact.md). The development team actively monitors the forums and will respond to inquiries there.
